Add README files 1/7 (#5754)
TheAlgorithms/Python: audio_filters/README.md

# Audio Filter

Audio filters work on the frequency of an audio signal to attenuate unwanted frequency and amplify wanted ones.

> They are used within anything related to sound, whether it's radio communication or a hi-fi system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are used within anything related to sound, whether it is radio communication or a hi-fi system.
```
